Today's learning shareholders will work on dividing the partitions of the hard disk.
I'll do it
Once you've got your first two methods are named after pressing the start line value
There's a computer.
This is not a luck, right click
If for example, management of the menu you'll click it.
When you click itgie soon as there is entertainment menu it is executed immediately our refund
It comes to David,
Giving the amount of storage at the bottom of the compass management
Cloudy with a storage disk management right we enter the soldering hard disk partition
Eunikka been pressing Casker management declared a genius, it shows the exceptional status
usb memory is one drive f and then three drives here
Consists of
So the kid want to give us a briefing paper
The original c drive space is not like bell anymore.
1024 megabytes
Sally will understand that 1 GB will be up to here
3009 Just 3009 people
Here are 73 leagues like this , the size of religion came across the whole c drive
But, among them, organic calculations, the calculation is just about the query,
Four times as tall tank
There are 4 100 gigs on drive c already by another pate or program
I understand that information is being used.
There are other data in addition to the occupancy forgot to tell the other kids occupied
I do not see how that space is a unit that can not be moved.
However, in this whole space,
I'm talking motivation to make another drive will bring tentacles
When you press this key, the key will move to the corresponding part of the space
Now you can cut down on that space .
It's possible, sir. Now, your work is ongoing now.
U